docs: adding doc for pubsub (#2808)
open-policy-agent/gatekeeper: website/docs/audit.md

    name: kube-system
```

Limitations of getting violations from constraint status:

> - To reduce in-memory consumption of Gatekeeper audit pod and to avoid hitting [default etcd limit](https://etcd.io/docs/v3.5/dev-guide/limit/#request-size-limit) of 1.5MB per resource, gatekeeper recommends configuring a [limit up-to 500 violations](https://open-policy-agent.github.io/gatekeeper/website/docs/audit/#configuring-audit)(by default 20) on constraint template. Because of these limitations, users might not get all the violations from a Constraint resource.

Reviewer: Why does this say “configuring a limit on constraint template”? The limit is a flag for the audit process that impacts number of violations that can be added to the status field of each constraint. Why is this on a constraint template?

All of these events (including `violation_audited`) are marked 
with the same `audit_id` for a given audit run.

### Pubsub channel

This feature uses publish and subscribe (pubsub) model that allows Gatekeeper to export audit violations over a broker that can be consumed by a subscriber independently. Therefore, pubsub violations are not subject to reporting limits. Please refer to [this](pubsub.md) guide to configure audit to push violations over a channel.

Limitations/drawbacks of getting violations using pubsub channel:

- There is an inherent risk of messages getting dropped. You might not receive all the published violations.
- Additional dependancy on pubsub broker. 

## Running Audit
For more details on how to deploy audit and 
number of instances to run, please refer to [operations audit](operations.md#audit). 

## Configuring Audit

> - Audit violations per constraint: set `--constraint-violations-limit=123` (defaults to `20`). To get violations using pubsub model, please refer to [this](pubsub.md) guide.

Reviewer: Please add details for: How does using the pubsub impact this flag? Is the flag ignored or can users increase it or even make it unlimited?

> - Audit violations per constraint: set `--constraint-violations-limit=123` (defaults to `20`). To get violations using pubsub model, please refer to [this](pubsub.md) guide. Both approaches for getting audit violations can be configured independently and work simultaneously without any interference. Changes or settings applied to one approach do not affect the other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Audit violations per constraint: set `--constraint-violations-limit=123` (defaults to `20`).  NOTE: This flag only impacts when gathering audit results using the constraint status model. If you are gathering audit results using the pubsub model, please refer to [this](pubsub.md) guide. Both approaches for getting audit violations can be configured independently and work simultaneously without any interference.
```
